Welcome to Animation and Motion Graphics! I'm your animation guide,
and today we'll bring static designs to life with movement.
This course covers timeline animation, video effects,
and motion graphics for dynamic visual storytelling.
We'll start with Photoshop's timeline panel,
then explore keyframe animation techniques.
Learn professional animation principles
for smooth and engaging motion design.
Master GIF creation, cinemagraphs, and video editing.
We'll create animated logos, banners, and social media content,
with advanced timing and easing techniques.
Animation adds life to digital design.
By the end, you'll animate like a motion graphics pro.
Let's set your creativity in motion!